That uploading logic should go into our places service where we have the average logic for storing a
place as well.
Now we have the app place method here now essentially want to add a new method which I'll name upload
image which gets the image which here always is I'll file it must not be a string here and that is the
reason why I added this string to file conversion function earlier in this module.
Now we'll send an HDP request your cute AT REST API endpoint which was added through debt firebase cloud
function and we'll append some form data there.
So let's create a new content upload data which is a new form data object.
This is a default javascript construct that we can use to group data which is of mixed type.
So basically files and text group that together and attach it to a request.
Now to add upload data I will append a new key or a new field which gets a name of image that should
be my image.
So that image file and that should be it.
That should be all you need to do.
Then we can use the angular age to be client to send the post request to that you are L which was created
here so let's copy that you are L an added in here.
And as a second argument at this upload data form data object we created.
Now what the cloud function will give you back can be defined here between the angle brackets off the
post method we'll get back a javascript object in the end where we have a image you are L which is a
string and the image POV which is a string you are L is a you or L we can use from anywhere to view
the image path is the local path on the back and in case we should need that.
Now with that let's return this year.
This will return is observable which in the end sets up everything for this image upload and let's head
over to the new offer page which is where we want to use that method.
Now in the new offer page here in on create offer I now want to upload the image.
So here once the loading control was shown I'll not call this place a service at place but this places
service upload not update place but upload image and I want to forward this image file.
Good thing is in our form here will only have such files so I can access this forum.
Get image value and that will be a file because we ensure that in on image picked we convert everything
to a file and we don't update this control to hold a file.
So this is the value I pass to upload image and now this returns the observable.
That wraps it is upload H2 DP request therefore I'll add pipe here and then add a switch map which needs
to be imported from our X J S slash operators where we will get that upload response.
So basically dead object with the image you are L.A. image path and in there I now want to call this
place service at place and return that because this all the returns and observable and inside of switch
map we do have to return unobservable and the special thing now justice that I need to add my image
your L Q MY PLACE NOW ADD place.
Thus far we have a look at the place a service at place takes no image you are L because right now we
always hardcoded that time to change dead and time to accept an image you are L which is a string here
and use that in here and now with the add place changed back to the new offer page we have to pass this
image you are all here and thankfully we can because in our upload response we have that image you are
L and if you're wondering where does this coming from in this cloud function we have the logic to generate
this year L and return it as part of the response here.
So now we returned isn't our switch map here so that India and we can subscribe to all of that and we
should still have our place create it in our database and the image uploaded so let's save this and
let that recompile and let's test it in the browser first here I'll add Munich a lovely city
and add my availability
choose our location and mix it up I'll locate myself and we have a little a back here I see with the
button and the loader we should fix that.
Take a picture and you're all used to file picture picture actually and submit this.
It's creating a place uploading the image and that didn't entirely work.
We seem to have problems fetching the image.
So if we have a look in the database where we have all the offered places the bottom most places the
most recent one and here we have that.
You are El so let's grab that you were El and let's try to view it in the browser.
We get an error.
Permission denied.
The reason for that simply is that in the storage if we have a look
we have to get started here first of all but then we should see that images folder in there.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
We should see that.
Imagine if I click on that.
This looks good.
So it was uploaded but under rules of that storage you need to allow access to everyone and right now
we're only allowing access to authenticate it users.
We have no authenticated users right now.
So for the moment I'll just set this to true to give everyone access with this updated rule.
If we reload this page here we should be able to fetch and display the image and we can all of course
here in the Discover page where we currently seem to have a bug with the virtual scrolling.
So let's quickly clean up some places here.
You could use that I list to fix that.
Back here let's delete a couple of places
and here we see our newly added place.
Now let's quickly fix the pictures again where we saw the loading indicator next to the button.
We simply need to change this condition here and showed a button if we don't have a selected application
image or if we don't have a preview and we're not loading.
So it needs to be grouped like this was that we should not have that issue anymore.
Let's quickly check that if I had a new place
that if I select the location.
Yeah.
Now it is this fixed.